Don't get cute with me.
I don't know what you're talking about, Mr. Winkle.
Bringing Chris into the little family drama, what's the angle?
I think he can blow up the engagement with the cleanest way to do it.
The way the baby doesn't have to disappear, it was best for everybody.
You're digging us into a hole. This could blow back on all of us.
I did my homework.
The baby's not Harrison's.
Can't even deal with an unborn child.
It's a life, Sebastian. It matters.
Are you trying to be a good person or something?
What's next? Donating the charity?
I was never a good person.
I submitted evidence that wasn't clear.
My father used it, and they died.
My mother, my sister.
I'm the one who should have gone.
Well, the takeaway, being a smart ass, makes you dumb.
Thanks for the insight.
Go. Take care of Harrison.
I'll wire you the money, but you pull a stunt like this again, and it won't end well.
I hear you, Mr. Wigler.
Please, John.
Why did you leave me? I don't...
How is black?
I don't understand what I did.
Look what you've done.
Why? What do I do?
I'm sorry.
I didn't... I'm not... I didn't mean to do that.
It's okay.
Stay.
Got anything on the guy who was at Black's house that night?
The day of the gas, one of the buildings, janitors, went missing.
I think he's our guy.
Keep digging. Find him.
Next week, we'll be breaking ground in Happy Holiday Village.
A guy in the Williams will be in attendance.
Now the Williams' family has pulled out all the strings to make sure we got this land.
Now I think it's time that we return the favor.
Harrison, a year of Diane has quite the soft spot for you.
Aww. Still nursing a broken heart.
Oh, this over a mechanic's daughter?
Now listen up.
Diane's father is ready to offer 10% of his company shares to whichever one of you marry her.
Wait. Seriously? 10%.
10%?
Listen, sir. You're not allowed to be here.
Hey, sir. What the hell are you doing here?
I heard that you're still on up on me.
You deserve better than this. You deserve better than me.
Harrison, you are making a fool out of yourself.
Getting her out of here now.
No, you don't understand. It's not what it looks like.
It's him.
It's Sebastian, it's all his fault. You made me do all of it.
Sebastian, it's all his fault. You made me do all of it.
So what are you talking about?
Sebastian, I heard somebody push my dad off the scaffolding.
Rook's leg.
And then he threatened me that if I didn't do exactly what he said,
my dad wouldn't be so lucky next time.
Wow. That's quite an accusation.
You have any proof?
You. Sebastian signed it himself.
Richard, Sebastian's signature is on this.
Our company name, Wiggler Inc.
Why would he give you that kind of money?
Sebastian paid Chris to ruin the engagement party.
That everything fell apart.
But maybe it's yours.
He's been blackmailing me, trying to get me to get rid of it.
Sebastian, how could you?
Did Sebastian did that?
Yes.
Now that that can't be true, you wouldn't do that.
Huh? Really?
Did you deal with Sebastian directly, or did you work with some kind of middleman on this Lisa?
Lisa, you took my money, and now you're stabbing me in the back, double dipping much?
He's covering for me.
Why?
You're such an asshole.
I don't have a son like you.
You're disgrace.
Take him!
I should have let you rot in an orphanage.
Sebastian's always been twisted.
He killed Harrison's child.
You must be punished.
I should have never let your mother bring you into this world.
You and your mother have been here.
I think I'm on a curse!
Happy Holiday Village Project's yours now.
Thank you, brother.
Keep him here all night.
I want him to think about what he has done.
He's being punished because of me.
Fuck off.
A little angel.
Everyone loves an angel of jazz.
Nobody loves a wolf.
I'll rip the fucking hell off your head.
Your little fraud.
I realized he was treated like this by his own family.
You look terrible.
Your husband.
There's a medical kit.
There.
You need treatment.
I said medical kit.
Now.
Scars.
None of your damn business.
Just do what you're told.
You need painkillers.
I'll go get you some water.
There's something going on.
Something more with Lisa.
Someone faked the signature on that check.
Something else is going on here.
Edward?
Why not Harrison?
He's not like this.
You and I were just like rats in a sewer.
What about him?
Well, I got another job fair.
Ghost of deuce.
That little angel.
You hear me?
What if I say no?
Get to say no.
Tell me you actually caught feelings for him.
I don't care about you enough to be jealous.
What's wrong?
You scared me?
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming today.
I am pleased to announce that my youngest brother Edward will be leading the Happy Holiday Village Project.
Diana.
That's so happy you could make it.
Where's Harrison?
He's not here today, but I'd be happy to keep you company.
No.
You're too old for me, Uncle Edward.
We have nothing to discuss.
I'll find Harrison.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you?
That's my life.
Are you blind?
Excuse me?
You're Sebastian Winkler, right?
I've heard all about you.
You're the family screw up, and now I see why.
It's not supposed to hurt my feelings.
You ruined my dress.
It's just a dress.
Just a dress.
This is a limited edition.
Splend wide so uniquely ugly.
I'll buy you a new one.
That's why you want me to get close to Harrison.
So you can line yourself up with Diana.
Whoa, you good?
What's wrong?
Yeah, I think I twisted my ankle.
Okay.
Let's get you a doctor, okay?
Then go seduce that little angel.
Here is she.
Harrison is an assistant.
Are you jealous?
Please, I couldn't care less about her.
But I did hear her family was wiped out in some tragic fire.
Talk about bad luck.
If someone born into money, you should gossip like a boy to housewife.
How dare you?
The hell are you doing now?
Give them back later.
Thank you, Mr. Winkler.
It's Harry, okay?
Look, Doc said to get some rest, so just take it easy.
Thanks, Harry.
You don't have to be so polite, all right?
You should get some rest, okay?
You have lipstick on your face.
Lipstick?
Yeah, yeah, let me get it.
Okay.
Um, can you go grab that one?
Thanks, Alice.
Good night.
Good night, Harry.
You're quite the actress.
I'm just doing what you told me to.
Didn't know Miss Black had such the talent for seduction.
We're in your house.
Are you not afraid of getting caught?
I like the rescue, don't you?
You're a monster.
I've been called worse.
Shouldn't it should be more focused on Diana?
Your father seems pretty set with her and Harris.
They don't fit together.
She's just a bond.
You made it.
You like this game.
I don't really care.
The house.
Harrison, I'm awake.
Do you need something?
I just wanted to check in on you.
Um, can I come in?
If you don't mind, I'll come in now.
No, no.
Um, I'm sorry.
Actually, I have to change.
Um, but I'm feeling a lot better.
So, yeah.
Okay.
Alright, I'll see you later then.
Yeah, see ya.
What the hell is wrong with you?
This isn't some game.
A gift.
Harrison cares about you now.
You played your part well.
Consider it a reward.
You should go.
Someone will notice you're not in your room.
Edward named his new hotel after Diana.
Your rich guys are really good at chasing women.
Yeah, he's gonna propose tonight.
I didn't know Sebastian would show up though.
Looks like there will be drama today.
I don't recall inviting you here.
Well, it's your big moment, uncle.
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
It doesn't matter.
Diane's gonna be my fiance by the end of the night.
Mmm.
Confident.
You actually think she would go for a bastard like you.
Diana, happy birthday.
How thoughtful.
I have a bigger surprise for you.
What's this about?
Well, Diana, today's your birthday.
And I want to ask you a special thing on your special day.
Will you marry me?
Edward.
This is all so sudden.
It's a one of a kind.
I bought it from Africa and crafted by the best jeweler.
If you wanted the stars, Diana, I'd get them for you.
Uncle, does dad know you're using money from the company to fund this little fantasy?
I mean, you renamed this place just to impress her.
The foreign investors are expecting our family name on this hotel.
What?
Diana, don't listen to him.
I have a stake in the family business, all right?
It's not like I'm stealing.
You're just a little brother.
You're not in error.
It's me and Harrison.
You are nowhere in the line of succession.
You don't count Sebastian, you pedestrian.
So tell me, how much did you embezzle to buy that ring?
Shut up.
Diana, if I were you, I wouldn't say yes to her.
His debts are a little heavy.
I wasn't planning on her.
Don't trust him, Diana.
He's only using you.
For once, you're not wrong, uncle.
Diana, our dad told us whoever marries you has access to the best resources in our family.
So, that leaves us with three options.
Which one will it be?
Do you admit you're using me?
But I appreciate your calendar.
I'm a lot of things, but I've never been dishonest about my intentions.
Self-aware, I'll give you that much.
But it's going to take much more than that to make me choose you.
Diana, Diana, marry me, so I can have what I'm meant to take.
And what's in it for me?
Think of it like this.
It's much more exciting to shape your husband, rather than marry a man who already thinks he's perfect.
Take that as he asks.
Don't disappoint me.
Never.
Bye, lady.
You see that, uncle?
That's how you win.
You're just too old-fashioned.
Asshole.
I'm going to make you regret this.
Her Diana's been interested in you for quite a long time.
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe.
I'm not about to use marriage as a tool.
All right, I'll marry somebody I love.
True gentleman.
Wait a minute.
Does she live here too?
She's just my younger brother's assistant.
A pretty face from a poor family.
Your brother has, uh, interesting taste.
Oh, wait.
How come your earrings look exactly like mine?
They are mine!
What the fuck are you doing?
I remember you took my earrings.
Why does she have them?
How do you explain that?
Are your earrings one of a kind?
You're telling me that she has a pair identical to mine.
That's ridiculous!
What if it is a coincidence?
Give me my earrings now.
Would you apologize if you're wrong?
Give me my earrings first.
You should apologize.
What the hell is this?
Diana, you're being crazy.
Like, what are you doing?
Apologize to Alice now.
Apologize to her.
Yeah.
She doesn't deserve the things I wear.
Look, just because you can afford to have it,
doesn't mean you deserve to burn it.
I will apologize for my fiance.
But you shouldn't be so worried about an assistant.
Are you okay?
Coming to my room in the middle of the night.